Question No., Correct Option, Answer

1> a,  GridSearchCV()

2> d, All of the above

3> d,  kernel will be changed to linear 

4> d, None of the above

5> c, In case of classification problem, the prediction is made by taking mode
      of the class labels predicted by the component trees.
6> a, Gradient Descent algorithm can diverge from the optimal solution.

7> a, Bias will increase, Variance decrease

8> c, model is performing good

SUBJECTIVE QUESTION ANSWER

9>Answer:-


10>Answer:- Random forest are more strong modeling technique and much more robust than 
            a single decision tree. Random forest aggregate many decision trees to limit
            overfitting as well as error due to bias and therefore produce useful result.

	  - It is one of the most accurate learning algorithms available. For many data 
            set it produces a highly accurate classifier. It runs efficiently on large 
            databases.

11>Answer:- It is a step of Data pre processing which is applied to individual varialble
            or features of data. It is basically healps to normalise the data within a 
            particular range.Sometime, it help to speed up the calculations of algorithm.

            Name of two techniques used for scaling is:
           i> Standardm Scaler
           ii> Robust Scaler

12>Answer:- Optimization algorithm that is not iterative and simply solves for one point.
   
          - Optimization algorithm that is iterative in nature and converges to acceptable
            solution regardless of the parameters initialization such as gradient descent
            applied to logistic regression.

13>Answer:- When dataset is highly imbalanced for as calssification problem, is accuracy
            is a good metric to measure the performance of the model is not because most
            of the time if we consider only accuracy performace then we can not got result.
            If we want to a good result then we need check presion, recall, AUC basiese of 
            when these all provide good accuracy then we consider those particula model is
            is good.

14>Answer:- In statistical analysis of binary classification, the F1 score is a measure of a
            test's accuracy.It is calculated from the precision and recall of the test, 
            where the precision is the number of correctly identified positive results 
            divided by the number of all positive results,including those not identified
            correctly, and the recall is the number of correctly identified positive results
            divided by the number of all samples that should have been identified as positive.

           - Mathematical formula:
                                   F1-Score=2.precision . recall/precision + recall

15>Answer:- fit()= fit function that calculate the value of the parameter.

           -transform() transform functio applied value of the prameter of the actual data
            and give the normalized value.

          - fit_transform() function performs both in the same step.